

                                  Ruby-WordNet
                                  ------------
              $Id: README,v 1.2 2002/01/05 12:32:33 deveiant Exp $

Authors
-------

 Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>


General Information
-------------------

This library is a Ruby interface to WordNet®. WordNet® is an online lexical
reference system whose design is inspired by current psycholinguistic theories
of human lexical memory. English nouns, verbs, adjectives and adverbs are
organized into synonym sets, each representing one underlying lexical
concept. Different relations link the synonym sets.

You can find out more about WordNet® at <http://www.cogsci.princeton.edu/~wn/>.

This code was based on the Lingua::Wordnet Perl module by Dan Brian, and
requires the databases that module builds. I hope to soon have a pure-Ruby port
of the conversion script that comes with that module that will be able to
generate the databases without requiring you to install Lingua::Wordnet. This
module is intended to offer the same functionality as Lingua::Wordnet, and you
should be able to use either (or both) to access and modify the lexical database
interchangeably. This module also attempts to remain fairly close in API to
Lingua::Wordnet, so if you're familiar with it already, you should be able to
port things from one to the other with relatively little trouble.

Many thanks to Dan Brian, who did most of the hard work. His efforts made my job
mostly a matter of playing around.


Caveats
-------

IMPORTANT: This is an *alpha* release. It might blow up, compromise your
security, write random data to sensitive portions of your hard drive, or
otherwise fail to work as advertised. It is intended to be used by developers
who are interested in helping out or curious onlookers who don't mind getting
a bit wet.

That said, I would greatly appreciate feedback on any aspect of this
software. Suggestions, feature requests, questions, design critiques, and bug
reports are most welcome. Relevant patches are particularly helpful. I may be
reached at <ged@FaerieMUD.org>.


Installation
------------

For installation instructions (such as they are at this point), see the INSTALL
file.


More Information
----------------

There is a project page for Ruby-WordNet which can be found at:
<http://www.deveiate.org/code/Ruby-WordNet.shtml>.

This library was developed as part of the FaerieMUD Project. For more
information about the FaerieMUD project as a whole, and about the FaerieMUD
Consortium, see <http://www.FaerieMUD.org/> and the FaerieMUD Documentation Wiki
at <http://docs.FaerieMUD.org/>.

You may also access a web interface to the FaerieMUD CVS repository at:
<http://cvs.FaerieMUD.org/>, which includes instructions on checking out the CVS
version of the MUES.


Legal
-----

Ruby-WordNet is Open Source Software which is Copyright © 2001,2002 by The
FaerieMUD Consortium.

You may use, modify, and/or redistribute this software under the terms of the
Perl Artistic License, a copy of which should have been included in this
distribution (See the file Artistic). If it was not, a copy of it may be
obtained from http://language.perl.com/misc/Artistic.html or
http://www.faeriemud.org/artistic.html).

THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

--

WordNet® is a registered trademark of Princeton University. 

--

Lingua::Wordnet is code licensed under the following terms:

  Lingua::Wordnet
  Copyright 1999,2000,2001 by Dan Brian.

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the same terms as Perl itself.


